docs: redistribute FAQ content into relevant sections (fix to issue #39) (#64)
canonical/chisel-docs: docs/reference/chisel-releases/chisel.yaml.md

```{note}
Chisel only supports fetching packages from the official Ubuntu archives,

> including ESM. The use of PPAs is excluded at the moment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
including ESM. The use of PPAs is not supported at the moment.
```
